[DOCS] Add documentation for weightless cache encryption (#27993)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/articles_en/openvino-workflow/running-inference/optimize-inference/optimizing-latency/model-caching-overview.rst

         :language: cpp
         :fragment: [ov:caching:part4]

> If model caching is enabled in GPU Plugin, everything can be encrypted when saving to the cache and decrypted when loading from the cache. This property only works when ``CacheMode`` property is set to ``OPTIMIZE_SIZE``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If model caching is enabled in GPU Plugin, everything can be encrypted when saving to the cache and decrypted when loading from the cache. Full encryption only works when ``CacheMode`` property is set to ``OPTIMIZE_SIZE``.
```
